docs(breaking-changes): add breaking change policy (#820)
CleverCloud/clever-components: docs/guides/breaking-change-policy.md

> Breaking changes are changes that can potentially break an integration.
> Additive changes are changes that should not break an integration.

*Source: [GitHub's Breaking Changes](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/overview/breaking-changes)*

This is why our project is based on [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) (or Semver) to define version number: a major version introduces at least one breaking change.

As a consequence, for each major version, the accompanying changelog includes a "Breaking changes" section, listing API incompatibilities.
When relevant, this section also includes information to help you migrate from your current version.

## Breaking changes for components

Regarding how [our components](https://www.clever-cloud.com/doc/clever-components/?path=/story/%F0%9F%93%8C-docs-web-components-guidelines-at-clever-cloud--page) are made, the elements exposed to a breaking change are (but not limited to):

* attributes,
* properties,
* slots,
* events,
* CSS custom properties,
* methods,
* host `display` property.

Therefore, the following should be considered breaking changes:

* renaming or deleting one of those elements,

> * modifying the type of an attribute or property and the signature of an event or method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* modifying the type of an attribute or property,
* modifying the signature of a public method,
* modifying the type of the object included in an event.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the suggestion: doc updated!
